the last was the year plus 20 do not worry
so everything is very fast and for one
turn
is the fact that it influences the generation
who is coming now good line generation
For me, what I do I try to give
best of me your best looking
do the best and think so
goal may be a good mother after
other people
I always imagined that one day
I'm going to make my team's page
friends and then it was really funny I already
I know the year rafa already knew murilo already
known glauber
well I wanted to type several brands should
have a team with a difference because
is a really weird support
You need it for everything like that, but it 's very
caring so much involved in caring
kick time
W